README.md, before:

# ischi #

[Demo](https://lexogram.github.io/ischi)

(You might have to wait a minute or two while the backend starts up.)

Frontend for a mono-matching game. The aim of the game is to be the first to find two images that match. (They might have different rotations and different sizes).

You can create a group and share its name with your friends. They can then join the same group, and vote for which pack of cards they want to use for the game.

As the person who created the group, you have the final word for selecting the game. When someone makes a match, their name will appear over the two images. Before you select a pack, you can choose how long the finder's name will stay on the screen before the next card is shown.

If you are a teacher, you can choose to control exactly when the next card is turned by dragging the delay slider fully to the right. On your screen only, a Next button will appear. It will be enabled as soon as someone finds a match. The next card will only be shown when you click on the Next button.

The score shown at the end of each round shows the total of matches that each player has made over all the rounds.

Players can join and leave the game at any time. If the person who created the group leaves, the next person who joined the group will take on the responsibilities of the group creator.

Commit message:

Rename "group" and "owner" to "room" and "host"
Play.jsx
---
* Add (currently) non-existent props from WSContext, to deal with
  teams

README.md, after:

# ischi #

[Demo](https://lexogram.github.io/ischi)

(You might have to wait a minute or two while the backend starts up.)

Frontend for a mono-matching game. The aim of the game is to be the first to find two images that match. (They might have different rotations and different sizes).

You can create a room and share its name with your friends. They can then join the same room, and vote for which pack of cards they want to use for the game.

As the person who created the room, you have the final word for selecting the game. When someone makes a match, their name will appear over the two images. Before you select a pack, you can choose how long the finder's name will stay on the screen before the next card is shown.

If you are a teacher, you can choose to control exactly when the next card is turned by dragging the delay slider fully to the right. On your screen only, a Next button will appear. It will be enabled as soon as someone finds a match. The next card will only be shown when you click on the Next button.

The score shown at the end of each round shows the total of matches that each player has made over all the rounds.

Players can join and leave the game at any time. If the person who created the room leaves, the next person who joined the room will take on the responsibilities of the room creator.
